Check the rasi positions from each other.
The count begins from the rasi the Moon is in.

Rasi: name of the zodiac in which the Moon was located at the time of the birth

If they are:
*1/13 (same)
    Same: If the rasis are the same it is excellent if the planets fall in different Nakshatras and
    the man's Nakshatra precedes the women's. If they fall in the same Nakshatra, then it is unfavorable.
    The planets falling in the same Nakshatras is only OK in some Nakshatras and destructive in others.
2/12
    1   If the man's rasi is 2nd from the woman's there will be death and evil results,
    -1  but if the woman's rasi is 2nd from the man's there will be longevity.

3/11:
    2   If the man's rasi is 3rd from the woman's there will be misery and sorrow,
    -2  but if the woman's is 3rd from the man's there will be happiness.

4/10:
    3   If the mans rasi is 4th from the woman's there will be poverty and enmity,
    -3  but if the woman's rasi is 4th from the man's there will be wealth and happiness.

5/9:
    4   If the man's rasi is 5th from the woman's there will be unhappiness and widowhood,
    -4  but if the woman's rasi is 5th from the man's there will be enjoyment and prosperity.

6/8:
    5   If the man's rasi is 6th from the woman's there will be loss of children,
    -5  but if the woman's rasi is 6th from the man's then progeny will prosper.

*7/7: When the rasis are 7th from each other there will be health, agreement, prosperity and special happiness.


Exception # 1: If both rasis are owned by the same planet or if the lords of the two rasis are friends
    the difficulties of not having Rasi Kuta get cancelled, though no points are given.
Exception # 2: If the rasi of the woman is odd the 6th is OK. If her rasi is even then the 2nd is OK.
    In these cases no great difficulties will be incurred, though no points will be earned.
    (Aries, Gemini, Leo, Libra, Sagittarius, and Aquarius are odd, the rest are even).

From the above it will be seen that it is better for the shortest distance to be from the man's rasi to the woman's.
    Energy will travel the path of least resistance, in this case the shortest distance between the Moons.
    If the shortest distance is from the man's Moon to the woman's it is better for the man to initiate and
    the women to receive; the man is the positive pole and the women the negative pole.
    This allows the man to feel confident and respected, and therefore loved;
    and the women to feel cherished and secure, and therefore loved. If the shortest distance is from
    the woman's Moon to the man's, the woman gets thrown into the initiative role, causing her
    to feel like the man does not think of her or care for her, and for the man to feel nagged.
